[bootstrap] Modify HeroDevs paragraph. (#7232)
captn3m0/endoflife.date: products/bootstrap.md

Unless a change is urgent, _Maintenance_ releases are likely to be made with minimal frequency.

> If you are still using an EOL version of Bootstrap (versions 2 - 4), commercial support for those versions is available through the [HeroDevs Never-Ending Support](https://www.herodevs.com/support/nes-bootstrap) initiative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commercial support for some EOL versions of Bootstrap is available through the [HeroDevs Never-Ending Support](https://www.herodevs.com/support/nes-bootstrap) initiative.
```

As per @captn3m0 comment, something like this should be better.

Reviewer 2: LGTM.
